readme.md, before:

# [hyperminimal](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperminimal)

**Removes the window header from [Hyper terminal](https://hyper.is) for more space and less distraction.**

Before & after, minimal & clean interface:

![](hyperminimal.png)

Also works nicely with tabs, as it only removes the extra title bar:

![](hyperminimal-tabs.png)

If you like the extension, please [retweet & like](https://twitter.com/jancborchardt/status/809756895686823936) ❤️ :)

## How to use

Add `hyperminimal` to `plugins` in `~/.hyper.js`.

### Ubuntu & Elementary

To move the window, simply hold the Super/Windows key and drag it anywhere with the cursor.

### macOS

To move the window, hover over the edge of the window so the resize arrow appears, then drag _perpendicular_ to the direction of the resize arrow. For example, when hovering over the left or right edge, drag vertically instead of horizontally.

### Windows

To move the window, make sure Hyper has focus, press <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>Space</kbd>+<kbd>M</kbd>, then use the <kbd>&uarr;</kbd><kbd>&darr;</kbd><kbd>&larr;</kbd><kbd>&rarr;</kbd> keys to move the window and <kbd>Enter</kbd> to finalise the position.
After pressing an arrow key at least once, the window will also follow your mouse cursor (this is usually faster than holding down arrow keys).

## Other recommended plugins

- [hyper-dark-scrollbar](https://github.com/moso/hyper-dark-scrollbar)
- [hypercwd](https://github.com/hharnisc/hypercwd)
- [hyper-blink](https://github.com/amio/hyper-blink)
- [hyperterm-alternatescroll](https://github.com/lkzhao/hyperterm-alternatescroll)
- [hyperterm-one-light](https://github.com/andrepolischuk/hyper-one-light/)
- [hyperborder](https://github.com/webmatze/hyperborder)

Commit message:

Add alternate method for moving window on Windows

readme.md, after:

# [hyperminimal](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperminimal)

**Removes the window header from [Hyper terminal](https://hyper.is) for more space and less distraction.**

Before & after, minimal & clean interface:

![](hyperminimal.png)

Also works nicely with tabs, as it only removes the extra title bar:

![](hyperminimal-tabs.png)

If you like the extension, please [retweet & like](https://twitter.com/jancborchardt/status/809756895686823936) ❤️ :)

## How to use

Add `hyperminimal` to `plugins` in `~/.hyper.js`.

### Ubuntu & Elementary

To move the window, simply hold the Super/Windows key and drag it anywhere with the cursor.

### macOS

To move the window, hover over the edge of the window so the resize arrow appears, then drag _perpendicular_ to the direction of the resize arrow. For example, when hovering over the left or right edge, drag vertically instead of horizontally.

### Windows

To move the window, make sure Hyper has focus, press <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>Space</kbd>+<kbd>M</kbd>, then use the <kbd>&uarr;</kbd><kbd>&darr;</kbd><kbd>&larr;</kbd><kbd>&rarr;</kbd> keys to move the window and <kbd>Enter</kbd> to finalise the position.
After pressing an arrow key at least once, the window will also follow your mouse cursor (this is usually faster than holding down arrow keys).

*The only reason for this fork:* The top left corner now contains a ~40px square region that allows for click and drag window movement on win32 as an alternative for the solution listed above. The region is invisible if only one tab is open. Upon opening additional tabs, the tab selector bar that appears is offset to the right to highlight the click and drag region.

## Other recommended plugins

- [hyper-dark-scrollbar](https://github.com/moso/hyper-dark-scrollbar)
- [hypercwd](https://github.com/hharnisc/hypercwd)
- [hyper-blink](https://github.com/amio/hyper-blink)
- [hyperterm-alternatescroll](https://github.com/lkzhao/hyperterm-alternatescroll)
- [hyperterm-one-light](https://github.com/andrepolischuk/hyper-one-light/)
- [hyperborder](https://github.com/webmatze/hyperborder)
